hey guys this is just an explanation of
how my microphone fits in my helmet and
also apply to half thrall because there
it's interesting we do things in a very
similar way but mine's more of a
permanent fix which may be a good and a
bad thing at the same time now I must
say I hate videos with a camera in one
hand and one hand doing things but I
can't actually see a different way of
doing it with without something very
complicated typing my phone to a try
Paulus I think so I'm going to just
explain it right microphone is actually
in the helmet as we speak you can't
really say it because it's not very
obvious but if you lift at one cheek
piece for its pop up in here is this
wise one-handed videos are so stupid I
need and this just goes down to my
iphone iphone is microphone and I'll
show you what I did if I like the whole
sheet p sale this is the cheek piece
that goes the next to your face and the
microphone actually as you can see goes
inside the cheek piece and it's taped
here to keep you in place and then the
microphone itself is somewhere behind
this foam and lining so it gives it a
natural wind protection and it's always
on my helmet so all I need to do is
stick my phone as long as I've got the
rucksack on me which has got the the
case that I mount the camera in I'm
always got my microphone I just probably
don't plug it in and offer go and then I
can just pop it all back inside the only
downside is if I've got the camera
mounted onto my chest and I want to take
my helmet off and put it down well then
if to either untangle this lead which I
have sort of through a pocket in it's
like a mobile phone pocket in the
shoulder part that bad
to keep it away from flapping around I
kept doing that for the first few days
and that was really irritating then
suddenly I realized all that to do is
pop cheekpiece out pop that top and
jacket meet me however I want so yeah
that's why I do it um better in some
ways not so good in others but it says
another way anyway cash next one